---
layout: post
title:  "Day 1 of Many – The Fresh Start"
date:   2015-03-05 12:42:00
localhost: "localhost:4000"
extra_css:
categories: []
published: true
---

It started when I woke up at 5:00 AM in the morning, struggling to get out of my bed with my dog, Looney. We cuddled all night, making sure that we made the best of our last night together. After many bittersweet goodbyes, I left my home, and left Montreal.

On the plane, I first thought that I could hold in my washroom needs. As I was watching the Avengers, I exhaustingly decided to get some rest. When I woke up, I realized I had to go to the washroom really badly and so I got up. This is when the turbulence hit, shaking the plane and preventing me from getting to the washroom. I was blocked from the washroom for the next hour, fighting the biggest mental battle I have ever faced. I could have sworn peeing on the plane was going to be the next thing that was going to happen. In the end, I managed to pull through, and started a lovely chat with my french neighbor.

We parted ways, and I started my adventure in Mission. I hung out with Rudi, an old friend from Marianopolis, and spent some time wandering the city. As I wandered around, I even bumped into Sameer, a classmate of mine! We got to see Japan town, one of the most interesting parts of San Francisco in my opinion.

After leaving Japan town, I walked down Webster street and saw a man sprint right past me. As I followed the action, I saw a police officer chasing down the young man as he performed parcours tricks to reach higher stories.

I kept going, and met up with my old roommates and friends, Shiranka, Jess, Hamdan and Calvin. We had a lovely chilling at their place, followed by a great dinner with many of my classmates. After heading home, I had an amazing FaceTime chat with Winnie, enjoying every possible moment with her.

I picked up my mouse, my mouse pad, and headed to my neighbors place. It was time to play Dota 2! We spent the night playing Dota 2 afterwards and successfully ended up winning 2 games!

What a day! From 5AM EST to 1AM PST, it's been one hell of a ride :)

P.S: Right before I went to sleep, I realized that I may have lost my splint
that I wear at night..... Crap.
