---
layout: post
title:  "An adventure into Taiwan"
date:   2017-09-02 12:00:00
extra_css:
categories: []
published: true
---
I was lucky to have a really long break after my 4A term this year. Between my last exam and the start of my last internship, I had just over a month of free time. Staying at home in Montreal sounded great, but traveling somewhere sounded even better.

I spent a total of 12 days in Taiwan, from August 17 to August 29. Not enough time to live like a local, but enough time to understand what makes Taiwan such a unique country.

Before arriving, I only had one preconception of what it was like to be in Taiwan. Food was going to be not only cheap, but good. This had me excited, especially after bearing with food in Waterloo for 3 months including my own subpar level cooking.

There’s so much more to Taiwan than the food. Here are some of the things that make Taiwan so unique.

## People
Taiwanese people are really nice. There were many instances where I encountered a kind gesture from a local, and that made me feel really good. For example, one time, we were getting off a bus in a rural area, and we weren’t sure how to get to a town. We told the bus driver where we were planning on going. Once we got off, he drove at the same speed as our walking for a bit, ensuring we knew where we were going. As little as this seems, it’s always appreciated when the bus driver helps riders even after they get off the bus.

In addition to being nice, they’re very orderly. In the metro stations, also known as MRTs, commuters will always stand on the right side of escalators and walk on the left side of escalators. Priority seats are either empty or appropriately occupied instead of being occupied by a healthy adult. Commuters follow a line to get into the train rather than trying to push through the commuters trying to get out. These are the little things that make a big difference for me in Taiwan.

## Trash management
One of the most ironic things about Taiwan is that public garbages are hard to find but the city is extremely clean. Public garbages are often only found in MRT stations and near washrooms. At first, I thought that less garbages would mean more waste on the ground. But this actually has the opposite affect. Instead, locals hold onto their waste and get rid of them when the appropriate trash container is accessible.

In addition, Taiwan is also really eco-friendly. In order to give locals more incentive to recycle, garbage bags are required and also cost money whereas recycling is free. As a result, they went from recycling 5% of waste to 55%, which is a huge change.

The most interesting part is how they pick up garbage. A yellow garbage truck comes by, playing Fur Elise, indicating that it’s time for the locals to throw away their garbage. Locals can also track the garbage trucks through their phone. Apparently, they chose Fur Elise in 1980’s because the head of the Department of Health’s daughter was practicing Fur Elise at that time.

---

There’s so much more to Taiwan than just their people and their trash management. I’ve only covered the tip of the iceberg. My 12 day trip in Taiwan only gave me more reasons to go back to Taiwan and discover more :)
